{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf290
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10980\viewh16880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PortalBox 0.8\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf0 \ulnone Thank you for downloading PortalBox! I hope you find this mod useful.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\ul Installation\ulnone \
1. Unzip downloaded file (already done if you're reading this)\
2. Move entire Portalbox folder to your World of Warcraft AddOns directory \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li880\fi-620\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Note: AddOns folder is usually at C:/Program Files/World of Warcraft/AddOns/ on Windows and at /Applications/World of Warcraft/AddOns on Macs.\
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li260\fi-260\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 3. Start up World of Warcraft and ensure that PortalBox is enabled in the AddOn window at the character select screen\
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li880\fi-880\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 4. Enjoy!\
\
\ul \
Usage\
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone Using PortalBox is quite simple. To invoke the PortalBox window, simply click its minimap icon once or type /port or /portalbox in chat. One can also move the minimap button to his desired position by dragging it. Check the AddOns tab in your Interface options panel to change PortalBox's settings.\
\
\
\ul Version History\
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li520\fi-520\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone 0.8 - Added option to detach button from minimap, added right-click minimap button to open options panel, added /port config and /portalbox config commands, and fixed old slash commands. Fixed "close upon casting" bug. TOC updated for 3.3.\ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li520\fi-520\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone 0.7 - Changed under-the-hood code to work on non-English clients, added compact mode, made the main window movable, and changed window closure upon casting to close at the start of a cast instead of afterwards. Also changed the strata level of the main window and minimap button to something more appropriate.\ul \
\ulnone 0.6 - Added Dalaran support, minimap button hiding, window closure upon casting, and untrained portal dimming. Fixed an error that occurs upon first run of addon. Also fixed bug of eating keystrokes while window was open and made a couple of aesthetic changes. Version number 0.6 used to avoid any possible confusion caused by the 0.5 fan update.\
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \strike \strikec0 0.5\strike0\striked0  - This was not an official release, but rather a fan update created by a different author.\
0.2 - Added support for Horde mages, changed close button aesthetics.\
0.1 - Initial Public Release.\
\
\
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul Contact\
\ulnone If you have questions, comments, critique, suggestions, or rants about this addon or anything else you'd like to let me know about, feel free to contact me through one of the following methods:\
\
\pard\tx0\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 AIM:
\i0  iindigo3d\

\i MSN:
\i0  iindigo@live.com\

\i Google Talk/Jabber:
\i0  iindigo@gmail.com\

\i E-mail:
\i0  iindigo@gmail.com\
}